Privacy Policy  
This privacy policy applies to the Jyotish Vishwakosh Chat app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by the Service Provider (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

Information Collection and Use  
The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include:

- Your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address)
- The operating system you use on your mobile device
- Your email address, phone number, and password (encrypted)

The Application does not gather precise information about the location of your mobile device.

The Service Provider may use the information you provide to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and service-related messages. No unsolicited marketing or promotional messages are sent.

For a better experience, while using the Application, the Service Provider may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information. The information that the Service Provider requests will be retained and used as described in this privacy policy.

All user chats are end-to-end encrypted. Only you and the astrologer you chat with can read the messages.

Third Party Access  
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own privacy policies about handling data. Below is the link to the privacy policy of the third-party service provider used by the Application:

- Google Play Services

The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
- as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
- when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
- with their trusted service providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information disclosed to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.

Account and Data Deletion  
You can delete your account and all associated data at any time.

To delete your account:
- Open the app and go to **Settings > Delete Account**

You may also visit the following link for more information:
https://www.jyotishvishwakosh.shop/delete-account

Once your account is deleted, all associated data is removed permanently from our servers within a reasonable time.

Opt-Out Rights  
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the application marketplace or network.

Data Retention Policy  
The Service Provider will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like the Service Provider to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact them at shivanshagrawal408@gmail.com and they will respond in a reasonable time.

Children  
The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discovers that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (shivanshagrawal408@gmail.com) so that they can take the necessary actions.

Security  
The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains. All sensitive user data, including passwords, is stored in encrypted form. Chats are end-to-end encrypted.

Changes  
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-06-01

Your Consent  
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

Contact Us  
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at shivanshagrawal408@gmail.com.
